This is a 64bit binary distribution of 'kgdevelop' and  Kulina
Graphics library 'kglib' and its Open Source dependencies(libgm.a) like
GraphicsMagick, libpng,libjpeg etc. So all the dependencies other than
Xlib is included. It contains five files.

1. Readme.first (this file)
2. kgdevelop - statically linked binary, as usr/bin/kgdevelop. 
3. libkulina.a - library archive of Kulina Graphics Library, as
usr/lib/libkulina.a
4. libgm.a  - libray archive of GraphicMagick and other open source
componects, as libgm.a
5. kulina.h - required include file as usr/include/kulina.h
6. install.sh

Installaion:

If you untar this tarball from the root of filesystem (/) everything
will fall in the right place. Otherwise you have to manually move them to the
right place, as follows;
  install -m 755  usr/bin/kgdevelop /usr/bin
  install -m 755  usr/lib/libkulina.a /usr/lib/
  install -m 755  usr/lib/libgm.a     /usr/lib/
  install -m 755  usr/include/kulina.h /usr/include/

System requirements:
  It should work with any 64bit Linux Distribution. To try out this you
need a C development environment. You also need a X development
environment.

How to try it:

  Right now no documentation is included, since it is not yet written.
However the daring can still try it. First of all you must have some
experience in C programming and it is ment for C programmers. But your
devepment can be compiled with C++ also. 
  Generally one starts by creating a folder, say for example, 'check'. It goes as
follows:

  mkdir check   
  cd check
  kgdevelop check

It is not compulsory that you  have to use the folder name in
'kgdevelop', you can use any name.

Now you will get the development window with a default canvas. One
resize it or reposition it. All 'canvas'/project related options are in the
main menu bar. All 'Widget' related options are under the menu
'Widget'.One can add,delete,reposition and resize  different widgets
using the sub menu of main 'Widget' menu.
Using 'File' menu one can save the project.

At this point it will create the following files:

1. check.rc - design information used by kgdevelop, it a human readable
file, but normally not expected to be modified manually. However one can
try manual modifications after backing up the original.
2. Makefile - a minimal makefile for the project
3. main.c and main.src : to begin with they are same and it is the main
program for the project. If the creation is sub Dialog you may not use it in the final
Makefile, because one can use only one main().
4. check.c  and check.src : the design code ; initially both same
5. checkCallbacks.c and checkCallbacks.src: the call backs files,
initially same

on executing 'make' you can compile the code which will create the
executable 'check' ( if everything goes well).

One can modify the c- files , especially the Callbacks file  to create
the real code. 
For modifications 3soneyou can retry the 'kgdevelop' as above, but this time it
will create the '.src' files only. So your 'C code' is not distrurbed,
and you
have to do the necessary modifications manually (or copy the .src file
to the corresponding C file).

(more to be added later)
